# Git Practice

## Article Link 

[ChatGPT maker OpenAI comes up with a way to check if text was written by a human](https://www.cnbc.com/2023/01/31/openai-launches-classifier-for-text-written-by-ai-after-chatgpt-buzz.html)

## What I Found Interesting 

Prior to OpenAI's recent introduction of their tool that can be used to detect whether or not something was written by a human, a college student already made a tool with a similar purpose. A Princeton University student, Edward Tian, created a tool called "GPTZero", which is also used to detect whether text was written by a human or written  by AI. Tian has already expressed that this tool is aimed towards educators, and OpenAI CEO Sam Altman has also said that "there could be ways for the company to help teachers spot text written by AI". I find it interesting that educators seem to be the primary demographic pushing for these detection tools, in order to limit the use of ChatGPT and other AI technologies. When ChatGPT first became popularized, I expected many educators to start using ChatGPT as a way to facilitate learning, and I also thought that many educators would start teaching students how to effectively use ChatGPT, since it seems inevitable that AI will the future of technology. However, OpenAI's detection tool seems to still be far from perfect, as it is no easy task to make a tool that has a 100% success rate of correct detection. This new tool has trouble with text inputs under 1000 characters, as well as languages other than English. Furthermore, OpenAI employees wrote that "text from AI can be updated slightly to keep the classifier from correctly determining that it's not mainly the work of a human". Eventually, I predict that OpenAI will create a similar tool for detecting whether or not an image was created by a human, in order to combat concerns raised from Dall-E, OpenAI's image generation tool. 